BigBird (#10183)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/model_doc/bigbird.rst

.. 

>     Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Reviewer: 2021

    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

BigBird
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The BigBird model was proposed in `Big Bird: Transformers for Longer Sequences <https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.14062>`__ by
Zaheer, Manzil and Guruganesh, Guru and Dubey, Kumar Avinava and Ainslie, Joshua and Alberti, Chris and Ontanon,
Santiago and Pham, Philip and Ravula, Anirudh and Wang, Qifan and Yang, Li and others. BigBird, is a sparse-attention
based transformer which extends Transformer based models, such as BERT to much longer sequences. Moreover, BigBird

> comes along with a theoretical understanding of the capabilities of a complete transformer that the sparse model can

Reviewer: I would delete the parts:

"
Moreover, BigBird
comes along with a theoretical understanding of the capabilities of a complete transformer that the sparse model can handle" and rather replace it with:

In addition to sparse attention, BigBird also applies global attention as well as random attention to the input sequence. Theoretically, it has been shown that applying sparse, global, and random attention approximates full attention, while being computationally much more efficient for longer sequences.

> handle. As a consequence of the capability to handle longer context, BigBird drastically improves performance on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
handle. As a consequence of the capability to handle longer context, BigBird has shown improved performance on
```

> various NLP tasks such as question answering and summarization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
various long document NLP tasks, such as question answering and summarization, compared to BERT or RoBERTa.
```
